adyen webhook select all additional settings (#131)
deity-io/falcon-platform-docs: dpsg/docs/providers/adyen.md

- URL: https://dpsg.{region}.deity.cloud/api/payment/webhook/{organization}/{project}/{environment}/adyen (replacing `{region}`, `{organization}`, `{project}` and `{environment}` with your details). If your region is Europe it will be omitted and the base url will be (https://dpsg.deity.cloud).
- Active: `Yes`
- SSL version: `TLSv1.2`

> - In order to DPSG receives all necessary data via webhook, enable all Additional Settings in Configure webhook settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to enable all "Additional Settings" in "Configure" webhook settings for DPSG to receive all necessary data via webhook.
```

Author: please review once again I have added new step and made both steps consistent
